okay this breaks our we're getting ready
to sell some fish today I've got 250 or
225 that are going out these are the
finish and I just wanted to show you
folks that are coming to buy them and
how we're going to get them out of here
without doing a lot of damage
and make sure we have enough water in
the systems and stuff like that sir
support the fish on the rock boom
they're only going about 30 miles though
they should be fine the folks to have
better buying these fish
I've got to 15 gallons go toast that
we're gonna put them in and we'll get
started so they come back around a
corner with their toes in the meantime
again there's a fish that they're
getting theirs proximately 225
no fear
we haven't fed these fish because when
on the ride home we don't want them
fouling up all the water that they're in
so that if you know a lot of them don't
die on the ride home or anything you
kept them not fed for the last day or so
you can see the bottom of the tanks
pretty clean so that there's no there's
no nastiness in there or anything you
know no fish waste so here's our tote so
we're gonna put them in
oh yeah those would work this
so go ahead get some water in these
things
and I'm going to take the water directly
from the tank and make it a little
easier to test me guys
and we have to worry about temperature
changes and all that you want pretty
warm here in East Tennessee today
a lot of the fish in this tank have been
through this many times
don't really know I mean you know it's
cool at night I don't usually run the
heaters I don't have neither can they
and aqua in the big tank over here so
they're pretty tough these guys look a
little skinny now if I haven't fed them
since yesterday what she probably saw
them all up in the corner tank this
morning all right
getting it nets and fish out I'm ready
to get some fish here
ah
there's a big net full
I've got one little Ritalin just coming
up that one's pushing three inches down
right there
but anyway what we'll do is we'll get
all these fish out of this tank will re
clean the tank refill it with water to
get it cycled back up and it will start
moving fish around within the house out
here we get these things all spaced out
a little bit better
oh thanks for watching catch you on the
next video